		 How to Enable a Promoted Package for Shipping
				 April 18, 1994

Once a package has promoted to the external shipment directories, it must be
authorized for shipment.  Before a product is authorized for shipment, you can
still make tapes using make-gensym-tape directly, but write-tape, the standard
tool for making distribution tapes, will not work until the steps below have
been followed.

In this packet you can find directions for the following:

  Authorizing Write Tape for UNIX Distributions

  Enabling VAX and Alpha Distributions of Promoted Products

  Restoring Products from an Archive Tape
		 Authorizing Write Tape for UNIX Distributions

In the steps below you will be editing a file called write-tape.dat within
source code control, and then you will update the directory which is used by
the tape making tools with the newly checked-in version.  To do this you will
check out the file, edit the file, commit the edited file, release the checked
out file you just committed, and then update the tape making utilities with the
new version of the file.

1.  Log in to to FE or WA in your own account, supplying your password when it
is requested, go to your home directory.  (Dorothy is used as an example.)

  su dmj
  cd /home/dmj

2.  Set a variable used by the CVS source code control system.

  setenv CVSROOT /gensym/ab-repos

3.  Check out the file that we want to edit.

  cvs checkout util/write-tape.dat

4.  Enter the directory that was just created.

  cd util

5.  Start the Sun text editor with the following command, which will load the
file util/write-tape.dat into the editor.  Edit the file to contain the new
products or releases necessary, making sure you also make any needed edits to
the Sales distributions.  When done, save the file using the menus in the
editor, and then quit from this editor.

  $OPENWINHOME/bin/xview/textedit write-tape.dat

6.  Commit your edited file into the source code control system.  The message
between the double quotes should be changed to reflect the changes you just
made.

  cvs commit -m "Enabled GDA 10b53 for shipping." write-tape.dat

7.  Release the checkout version of the file that you are now done editing and
have commited.  The "cvs release" command should inform you that there are no
modified files, and then you can answer "yes" when it asks if it should really
release and delete that directory.

  cd ..
  cvs release -d util

8.  Next we will log in as AB, and update the changed file into the directory
that holds tape making utilities.

  su ab
  cd /st/ab/indep/util
  cvs update write-tape.dat

9.  Log out of the two "su" commands by typing exit twice.

  exit
  exit

10.  In the same directory where write-tape would be used, use Write-archive to
make an archive of the products you have just enabled.  The first argument is a
no-rewind path to any of the UNIX tape drives local to that machine.  The
remaining arguments are the names of the products you want to archive.  Many
products can be archived onto the same tape, and the script will offer you
instructions.  These tapes can be read using the read-archive command
(described later in this file).  Note that write-archive will prompt you with
the products about to be archived, asking for a yes/no confirmation.  Also,
this script will print a list of contents and restoration instructions to the
standard printer.  This sheet of paper must be kept with the archive tape.

  write-archive /dev/nrst3 nol-demo-10b0 gda-demo-10b10 tw-30r2

11.  If, while editting write-tape.dat, you have changed any of the products
which are sent out with a manifest, such as Sales or Saleskbs, you can write
out a new manifest using the following command.  Like write-archive,
write-manifest is executed in the same directory where write-tape is run.  You
should change the command below to contain the product name you want and the
correct release of that product.  Note that you can use any valid part number
for the product when writing the manifest.

  write-manifest saleskbs 10r1 740
	   Enabling VAX and Alpha Distributions of Promoted Products

There are separate facilities for making distribution tapes on the UNIX
machines versus the VMS machines (the VAX and the Alpha are VMS machines).
Once an application package has been promoted on the UNIX machines, you should
follow the steps below to enable tapes to be made for the VAX and the Alpha.

In these steps you will create a directory from UNIX containing the product,
write a file called version.txt into that directory, then on a VAX you will
move any old versions of that product, copy the directory we previously created
into the VAX distribution directory, then back in UNIX we will delete the
directory we had previously made.

1.  On the normal distribution machine (currently WA), from within the normal
distribution tools directory (currently /st/ab/indep/util) run the following
command to create a directory containing the product.  In the command below,
you should replace "dsp" with the appropriate product, and "10b7" with the
appropriate release.

  cd /st/ab/indep/util
  make-gensym-tape -p dsp -r 10b7 -c sun4 -m unix-directory -t /vmsdisc/public/promote/dsp

2.  Change directories into the newly created directory.

  cd /vmsdisc/public/promote/dsp

3.  Create a file named version.txt containing one line with the version number
of the product, a second line with the full product name, and a third line
containing the product name that will appear on customer tapes. This information
is shown while making tapes from VMS.  Use your correct version numbers and
product names, but follow the format used in these examples.

Note, you should use 1 ">" for the first command, and 2 (">>") for the second 
and third commands!

  echo "V1.0B7" > version.txt
  echo "Dynamic Scheduling Package" >> version.txt
  echo "DSP010" >> version.txt

4.  Go to the VAX used for tape making, where the following commands should
followed.  At VAX create a new DECterm from under the "Applications" menu
within the Session Manager.

5.  Click on the new DECterm, then type the following command to go to the
directory containing promoted products.

  set def dist$root:[bridges]

Currently shipping products in this directory on the VAX should use the
following naming convention.

 <short-name><two-digits-major-release><one-digit-minor-release>r<revision>

For example, DSP Version 1.0 revision 1 is given the name "DSP010R1", and 
TW Version 2.1 revision 0 is "TW021R0". 

6.  Create the new directory for this product, using the short form of the
release name.

  create/dir [.dsp010r2]

7.  Copy the contents of the product into this newly created directory, using
log to report each file as it is copied.  Again, make sure you use the correct
product name and release number to replace "dsp010r2" in the example below.

  copy vmsdisc:[public.promote.dsp]*.* [.dsp010r2] /log

8.  Confirm that the new product is correctly installed by listing it with the
make command.

  make

9.  Close the DECterm you created with the following command.

  logout

10.  Return to the UNIX machine where you started this process to run these
final commands.  Use the following commands to remove the copy of the package
that you had made.  Replace "dsp" in the example below with the appropriate
product name.

  cd /vmsdisc/public/promote
  rm -r dsp

11.  QA should now dry run the VAX tape before it is shipped.
		    Restoring Products from an Archive Tape

On the rare occasion that a product must be retrieved from an archive tape and
reinstalled back into the tape making and testing environment, you should
follow the directions below.

1.  On the normal distribution machine (currently WA), from within the normal
distribution tools directory (currently /st/ab/indep/util).

  cd /st/ab/indep/util

2.  Insert the archive tape into a tape drive on this machine.

3.  Run the read-archive command, giving it the no-rewind device name of the
drive holding the archive tape as its only argument.  For example, on a Sparc
if the tape drive is named /dev/rst3, use /dev/nrst3.  Read-archive will prompt
you with a list of the products archived on this tape, and will ask if any or
all products should be fetched from the tape.

  read-archive /dev/nrst3

4.  Remove the tape from the drive and replace it in its safe storage spot.

