This note discusses some historical details of how this product
is built and why it is built that way. 

I wanted to be a vanilla GSI Bridge, a 40r1 bridge.  I had
hoped I would write lisp code and link against the libraries
shipped with 40r1.  I do link against the runtime library and
networking library.  But I have to retranslate the entire
of GSI.  The reasons for this are discussed next.

Long names are truncated during the translate, this process
is not dependable.  My translates have numerous names truncated
into different names from those used in the 40r1 translate of
gsi.  What is a little odd is that in many cases it appeares
that the truncates symbol didn't collide with anything else
either when 40r1 was made or when I translated.  For example
F00?-ab-name-of-unique-type appears only once, but is F002 in
my translates, and F001 in the 40r1 translate.

I added back three modules from G2/TW (streams,file-parse,pathnames).
These created additional problems.

My patches file has to be different since I'm not patching out
as much stuff, hence I my libgsi.a forks from the 40r1 library.

My libgsi forks from the libgsi.a library for additional reasons.
For example, things that were removed for eliminate-for-gsi, but
used by the three modules added back.

utilities3 -- I needed read-positive-fixnum-from-string 
utilities1 -- to get convert-ascii-filename-to-text-string-as-m...

Some problems arise with special variables.  Chestnut emits
the special variable in the first module to USE that variable,
not in the defining module.  The adding back of the three modules
created changes in these patterns and hence multiple definitions
of some things.  (I worked around these).

It appears that some modules, but not all, are having the
string text compression mechinism at work in them.  That's
bad since the resulting compression is different than that
used in the 40r1 libraries (i.e. none).

So... I've given up using the 40r1 library directly, which
effectively means I've forked off with all the gsi 4.0 lisp
code (which I've promised my self I won't modify).



