
                      Turbine Blade Demo Script
                      -------------------------

  Introduction
  ------------

  This demonstration simulates the current and future processes to
  design and begin manufacturing aircraft turbine blades.  These
  models illustrate the difference in time and cost between the
  classic "throw the design over the wall" and "design for manufact-
  urability" processes.

  If the top-level workspace, Turbine-Blade-Design-Process, is not
  already visible:

  * Display the top level workspace, by using Get Workspace menu item
    from the Workspace Menu and selecting Turbine-Blade-Design-
    Process.

  There are two models controlled by one scenario.

  * Show both models by clicking on the As-Is and Vision icons.

  From this high-level view, both models appear similar.  As illust-
  rated by the task blocks, the production of turbine blades is
  comprised of five fundamental steps: Engineering Design, Engineering
  Analysis, Manufacturing Design, Manufacturing, and Quality Control.
  Each of these blocks contains several layers of detail, as we will
  see later.

  The primary difference between As-Is and Vision models involves
  feedback loops, as shown by the red colored paths.  As-Is takes a
  serial approach: once objects pass through the Engineering stages
  into Manufacturing Design, they do not return.  In contrast, the
  Vision model makes use of concurrent engineering concepts.  With the
  exception of Quality Control, feedback paths exist between each
  Vision stage.

  The Vision model is an example of the counter-intuitive notion that
  doing something several times can actually be faster than doing it
  once.  The problem with trying to finish something satisfactorily
  the first time is that it rarely happens in practice.  Therefore,
  preparing for several development cycles often saves time and
  reduces costs.

  Running the Model
  -----------------

  * Examine the Scenario Control Panel by clicking on it.

  You will notice the usual action buttons for controlling Activation,
  Status, and Mode.  In addition, this control panel contains some
  customizations.  Most conspicuous are the buttons for Branching.  In
  Fixed mode, the process simulation runs with a predetermined number
  of problems.  In probabilistic mode the simulation runs more
  realistically, with a variable number of problems.

  * Activate the scenario by clicking the Activate button on the
    Scenario Control Panel.
  * Make sure the scenario is in Fixed mode by clicking the Fixed
    button on the Scenario Control Panel.  This forces the simulation
    to produce results corresponding to the average case.
  * Also, within the Mode menu item under the Options menu, click on
    the Modeler menu item, to designate yourself as a Modeler.
  * From the Scenario Control Panel, press the Start As-Is button to
    start the simulation.

  Due to the scale and complexity of the model, there will be a delay
  while resetting and starting.  When the scenario is finished
  resetting, explore the rest of the top level.

  Comparing Processes
  -------------------

  The Output-Tables organizer contains a display of several key
  simulation values important for evaluating and comparing the
  performance of both As-Is and Vision approaches.  In the depths of
  each model's workspace hierarchy lie an assortment of instruments
  such as Timestamp feeds and Sample probes.  These tie data from the
  model to the display.

  * Bring up the Output-Tables organizer (located on the upper right
    hand corner of the Turbine-Blade-Design-Process workspace) by
    clicking upon it and selecting show detail.

  Workspace labels have pink borders and are usually located in the
  upper left corner of workspaces.  They can be used to close
  workspaces when you are in User or Modeler mode.  After you have
  examined Output-Tables,

  * Close Output-Tables by clicking on the Process Comparison
    workspace label.

  Exploring the As-Is Model
  -------------------------

  * Examine the gray path between the Engineering Design and Engineer-
    ing Analysis tasks on the As-Is model.

  From the path's Set Path dialog, you see blade-designs are being
  produced in Engineering Design, and being passed to Engineering
  Analysis.  Also examine the red feedback path between these
  Engineering stages, which carries analysis-results.

  * Inspect the Engineering Design detail from the As-Is model.

  Note the use of resource managers to incorporate Engineering Design-
  ers into the design process.  The start block Start Project
  initiates the process by creating a mgmt-report-as-is object.  The
  Initial Design task outputs a blade-design.  This can be verified by
  looking at the Set Path dialog of the output path.  Initial designs
  are sent to Engineering Analysis via the node on the right side of
  the workspace.  Note the time it takes to complete an initial
  design:

  * Click on the Initial Design task, and select set block... from its
    menu.
  * Click on the Duration tab.

  Also, follow the path FROM-ENG-ANALYSIS which corresponds to the red
  feedback path we saw earlier.  When problems occur in analysis, re-
  design work is necessary, as indicated by the task block labeled Re-
  Design.  Designs that were re-done are sent along the same path as
  initial designs with the merge block.

  For bookkeeping, it is important to record how much time each
  engineering stage takes.  One way to accomplish this goal is by
  creating management reports.

  * Open the Mgmt Report block's detail.

  Here, reports are created, stamped with time information by the
  purple feeds, and stored in a resource pool by the Store block at
  the right.

  * Close Mgmt-Report, and examine the detail of Time Update.

  It is here that we account for the two types of blade designs.  For
  both initial and re-designs, it is necessary to note that Engineer-
  ing Design is complete.  After the retrieve block on the left
  retrieves a management report from the resource pool, the Eng-
  Design-Complete timestamp takes care of this.  The branch block
  insures that only initial design reports are updated with an Eng-
  Analysis-Begin value, since re-designs have already been through
  Engineering Analysis.

  * Display the Set Block dialog of the branch block.  Observe its
    branch mode, branch attribute, and branch attribute operation.
  * Now look at the branch upper and branch lower of its two output
    paths.

  Reports that have already been through (i.e. with Eng-Analysis-Begin
  attributes of time greater than 1) are put back into the resource
  pool.  The others (with Eng-Analysis-Begin attributes of time 0),
  are timestamped appropriately before being stored.  Observe the two
  blue sample probes.  These record begin and completion times; the
  values are linked to bpr-remotes, which update a display.

  * Click on either probe.  Select the menu item show remotes to
    revisit the output tables.

  A pink arrow will direct you to a remote, which is hidden under a
  display chart.  Above, notice the quantitative parameters, which
  depict begin and completion times corresponding to the time-stamps
  from the Time Update detail.

  * Close the Time-Update and the Engineering Design details.
  * Examine the Engineering Analysis detail.

  As expected, blade designs enter FROM-ENG-DESIGN.  The As-Is process
  takes about 26 weeks to finish these designs.  Subsequently, Hot and
  Cold FEM's (Finite Element Models, which are wire-frame represent-
  ations of the blades) are defined by Eng. Analysts with Analyst
  Computers.

  Three output nodes lead TO-MANUFACTURING-DESIGN, TO-QUALITY-CONTROL,
  and TO-ENG-DESIGN.  Remember, there is no feedback path from either
  Manufacturing Design or Quality Control; so once objects leave
  through one of those nodes, they are there for the duration of the
  simulation.

  Manufacturing Design typically does not receive completed designs
  until 15 months into the project.  Likewise, they have had no
  opportunity to make comments.  Copies of drawings are also sent to
  Quality Control - but they will not be able to use it for about 9
  months.  The odds that changes will occur before then are high.

  Finally, a feedback path exists back to Engineering Design.  This is
  required when FEM analysis reveals problems.  Situations can occur
  with an FEM which warrant requesting a new blade design (a re-
  design).  These problems surface in Check Cold FEM.

  * Display the Check Cold FEM detail.

  The heart of this detail lies in the customized branch block on the
  left.  Its job is to examine cold FEM's, and filter out those that
  are problematic.  In Fixed mode, ReThink presets the number of
  problems to the average case of two (determined experimentally from
  the real-life process).  Therefore, the first two fem-cold-models
  will follow the lower path marked Problems.  The third will follow
  the upper path labeled No problems.

  In Probabilistic mode, the branch block filters FEM's randomly,
  according to a proportion.

  * View the branch block's lower path's Set Path dialog. Read its
    branch proportion attribute.

  Verify that the value agrees with the readout table marked decaying
  proportion.  This is the proportion of cold-fem-models which will
  follow the lower path.  Custom procedures divide the proportion in
  half after each FEM passes through.  For example, when the model
  starts the percent chance of a FEM having a problem may be 75%.  If
  chance permits, and a problem occurs, the next FEM which results
  from a re-design will only have a 37.5% chance of having a problem.
  Eventually a fem-cold-model will be produced without problems and it
  will allow Manufacturing Design to begin.  Customizations can be
  viewed from the top-level workspace, TURBINE-BLADE-DESIGN-PROCESS.

  * Close Check Cold FEM

  Let's look at one more part of Engineering Analysis before moving
  on.

  * Display the Determine Problem detail.

  Observe that the branch block only has one output path.  To figure
  out how this block works:

  * From the Set Path dialog of the branch's input path, examine the
    type attribute.
  * From the branch's Set Block dialog, examine the branch attribute
    value.
  * From the Set Path dialog of the branch's output path, examine the
    branch value.

  The effect of the single output path is as follows: problem noted
  objects flow in.  If their problem attributes are of type not-ok
  then the objects pass through, enabling the re-design process in
  Engineering Design.  Otherwise, nothing happens.

  * Close the Determine Problem Detail.
  * Close the Engineering Analysis Detail.

  The feedback relationship between Manufacturing Design and Manufact-
  uring is similar to that of Engineering Design and Engineering
  Analysis.  In Manufacturing Design, in-process-shapes are created.
  When problems occur while making airfoils in Manufacturing, in-
  process-shapes need to be re-designed, and Manufacturing Design
  becomes active again.

  * Open the Manufacturing detail
  * Open the Make Airfoils detail

  Observe the similarities of this detail, and that of Check Cold FEM.
  The same type of custom branch block controls when problems occur.

  * Close Make Airfoils and Manufacturing.

  Let's summarize what happened in the As-Is model:

  1. During long portions of the process only one group of blocks was
     working while the rest waited.
  2. Steps repeated themselves in loops, sequentially.
  3. There was no interaction between Manufacturing and Engineering.

  The Vision Model takes a different approach.  The process will
  repeat at least three times, refining the design, and getting
  feedback along the way.

  Exploring the Vision Model
  --------------------------

  * From the Scenario Control Panel, select Start All to run the
    Vision Model in parallel to the As-Is Model.
  * Display the Engineering Design detail from the Vision Model.

  The three colored boxes highlight the three phases of the Vision
  approach.  In the first phase, high level designs are constructed
  for the purpose of getting quick feedback.

  * On the blue background, reveal the detail of the Phase 1 Draft
    Design.

  Use the set block... menu choice and the Duration tab to observe the
  duration of the Draft Design task (3 weeks).  Compare this with the
  corresponding Initial Design task from Engineering Design in the As-
  Is model (26 weeks).  Also note that re-design is saved for Phase 2.

  * Close the Draft Design Detail and open Flesh Out Design.

  Here you can see three feedback paths, which carry objects from
  different parts of the model.  The branch block separates objects
  based on their type.

  * From the branch block's Set Block dialog, examine its branch mode
    attribute.
  * Now look at the type attribute from each output path.

  Initial-tools-reports, initial-conversion-problems, and initial-
  deflections come here to be "fleshed out" from Manufacturing and
  Engineering Analysis stages.

  * Close Flesh Out Design and Engineering Design Detail
  * Display the detail of Engineering Analysis.
  * Look at the Phase 1 Initial Analysis detail.

  Many steps were left out, such as cold FEM analysis.  Phase 1 is
  only concerned with studying feasibility, to catch problems in
  advance.

  * Close Initial Analysis Detail and Engineering Analysis Detail.
  * Open the Manufacturing Design task block.

  The three phases are here as well.  Each consecutive phase assumes a
  higher level of assurance and completeness of the objects it works
  with.  To see this:

  * Open the Phase 1 task block's detail.
  * Examine the type attribute of each output path of the branch block
    on the left.

  By now, you should be able to see a pattern: each Phase 1 path
  carries a work object prefixed with "initial" such as "initial-
  deflections."

  * Close the Mfg Design Detail for Phase 1
  * View the detail of the Phase 2 task block.
  * Examine the type attributes of some of the output paths from the
    branch blocks.

  These paths are carrying the same types of objects as in Phase 1,
  only these are prefixed with "working" such as "working-
  deflections."  These objects have already been approved to a certain
  degree by Phase 1 from other stages.  Phase 3's paths carry objects
  prefixed with "refine," indicating an even higher level of
  confidence.

  * Close the Phase 2 Manufacturing Design Detail, and return to the
    higher level Manufacturing Design Detail.

  Also observe the higher number of input and output paths.  This is
  indicative of the increased feedback from different stages.  The
  work is distributed across many tasks and resources at any given
  time, in contrast to the As-Is model.

  * Close the Manufacturing Design Detail.

  If the scenario is running, and neither the Vision nor As-Is models
  have finished, you should observe that the Vision model often has
  several high-level task blocks activated simultaneously.  To see the
  resources in action while the model is running:

  * Show the details of the resource pools for both versions of the
    model, labeled As-Is-Resources and Vision-Resources respectively.
    Watch the icons change color when they become active.

  For more information about the utilization, cost, or other
  attributes of the individual resources, try viewing their Set and
  Show Resource dialogs.

  * Close the resource pool details.

  Results:
  --------

  * Open the Output-Tables organizer from the top-level workspace.

  As the model progresses, you will see values for the Begin and Done
  columns of each stage.  Observe how quickly the Vision model started
  the Analysis process compared to As-Is.

  The Vision model usually costs a fourth to a half the amount of the
  As-Is process, and finishes in about half the time.

  Organizing Versions:
  --------------------

  One complication imposed by the three phases of the vision model is
  managing the many revisions during each stage.  To help keep track
  of versions of the blade's components, the VISION-ORGANIZER was
  developed.

  * Close the Output-Tables by clicking on Process Comparison.
  * Go to the detail of VISION-ORGANIZER from the Vision workspace.

  Here we see messages indicating the time each version was produced.
  Versions were stamped at the beginning of each phase, and when
  passed between tasks.  To see just where this happens, you can
  explore the Mgmt Report tasks throughout the model, and look at the
  instruments which do the stamping.  In the vision model, special
  attributes of management reports keep track of how many revisions
  take place in each revision category ("Super," "Major," or "Minor"
  revisions are possible).

  * Close the VISION-ORGANIZER's detail.
  * Open the VISION-DATA-OBJECTS organizer.
  * Look at the class specific attributes of the MGMT-REPORT-VISION
    class.  An attribute exists for each type of revision.

  Customizations:
  ---------------

  * Study the detail of the CUSTOMIZATIONS organizer from the top-
    level TURBINE-BLADE-DESIGN-PROCESS.

  Customizations were added to control branching and to display
  versions in management reports.  In the case of branching, a new
  type of branch block was defined, BPR-HALF-LIFE-BRANCH.  It is used
  to model complicated branching situations such as the decaying
  branch probabilities we encountered earlier.  For a closer look,
  click on the Branching Notes memo in the orange Custom Branching
  box.

  Management report versions are complicated in a more subtle way.
  The version attribute of mgmt-report-vision objects is a string of
  the "X.Y.Z" format where X,Y, and Z represent super, major, and
  minor revisions respectively.  Rules (located in the VERSION-RULES
  organizer) trigger the UPDATE-VERSION procedure when any kind of
  revision occurs.  This procedure manipulates the version string
  appropriately for each revision.  For example, a minor revision
  after version "2.0.9" leads to version "2.0.10".  A major revision,
  however, yields version "2.1.0" and a super revision produces
  "3.0.0".

  Object Hierarchy:
  -----------------

  * Study the contents of the data object organizers, labeled AS-IS-
    DATA-OBJECTS and VISION-DATA-OBJECTS, for both As-Is and Vision
    models.

  Note the object hierarchy.  Look at the multiple inheritance of the
  work objects of the Vision model.  Each is a subclass of both a
  development stage (like Manufacturing) and a phase.

  Typical Questions and Answers:
  ------------------------------

  How was this model built?

  * The serial model was constructed from a set of IDEF diagrams and
    verified with actual process measurements.
  * The concurrent model was developed as a design for a new process.
    Since the tasks themselves did not change significantly, only the
    ordering, there is a high degree of confidence in the new results.

  How long did this model take to develop?

  * About a week of knowledge gathering, another week to implement and
    test.
  * Cosmetic changes were necessary for demo purposes.  These took an
    extra few days.
